hey guys welcome back to NPTEL
my name is a score and yeah recently
I've been playing a game called mega
Mina and in this game you explore the
map or the world by digging into the
ground and while doing so you can see on
the bottom right corner that I will lose
fuel umm yeah because digging costs fuel
and my heat meter and will increase you
can see that it decreases and when I
move upwards again and yeah I do not
want to overheat you wouldn't want your
gaming system don't worry and that's why
I am collecting those oars and with
those oars I can then and go to the top
again and go to a shop and sell my cargo
and so all the ores I have and with the
money I get I can then buy a better tank
or a cooler yes so that's the principle
of the game I thought it's pretty cool
and I can refill myself yeah and I have
recreated this game in Minecraft so yeah
guys this is my version of it this is
version 1 I think I've done a pretty
good job so this is just to show off I'm
the principal of this and yeah I can
just move around freely but as soon as I
move over this one I will track the
block and this is my little robot ok and
the blue wood block I move around just
fuel money and heat I can of course dick
down and when a dick down a loose fuel I
can pick up ours and picking up or ores
costs more fuel than then picking up
dirt where dirt gives no money if you
sell it and yeah coal give oh ok ok I'm
back in a second guys
ok guys I'm back yeah what happened was
that I have lost track of the heat meter
on the right side
and yeah that cost me to explode okay
and let's just pick up some more ores
quickly and I think we might have enough
because ours are worth a lot more than
they should be
this will might be fixed in version two
of this game and I will make it
definitely a bit harder let's get some
more fuel just to show off the system
then let's move to this house and buy a
heat you because we do not want to
explode again I mean you can see that
now we have zero for heat and let's also
operate the fuel tank now we can carry
more fuel yeah so that's the game and in
version 2 there might be a lot of
changes and maybe I'm going to make an
explanation for this if you want to but
till then try the game and tell me what
you think thanks guys have a very nice
day